[terra-form-validation] Update form validation docs, add FormValidationUtil, mark package as public. (#635)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-form-validation/docs/MaxLengthInput.md

# Making an Input With a Maximum Length

> This is a step-by-step guide to making a form with a single input that has a maximum length as its validations.

Reviewer: "step-by-step guide to make"

Author: Fixed here https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/635/commits/415c46ab9a0b74893a686c38430b1d8decd708ad#diff-00d3067043a9948e4371f570ef81a357R3

First we start with out imports
```javascript
import React from 'react';

> import { Form, Field } from 'react-final-form';

Reviewer 2: Might be good to cover running `npm install final-form react-final-form` before the imports.

Author: Fixed here https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/635/commits/415c46ab9a0b74893a686c38430b1d8decd708ad#diff-00d3067043a9948e4371f570ef81a357R5

import InputField from 'terra-form-input/lib/InputField';
import Button from 'terra-button';
import Spacer from 'terra-spacer';
```

Now we make the basis for our class by setting up its constructor and its render function.
```javascript
export default class Example extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);

    this.state = {};
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <Spacer marginBottom="small">
        <Form/>
      </Spacer>
    );
  }
}
```

> Current we render nothing. Lets create a `<Form>` component that contains initial values, and functionality for submission and validation.

Reviewer 2: nit: `Currently, this does not render anything.`

Author: Fixed here https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/635/commits/415c46ab9a0b74893a686c38430b1d8decd708ad#diff-00d3067043a9948e4371f570ef81a357R35

Let's use the render props pattern to return our necessary components. Call this function `renderForm`.

> ```javascript

Reviewer 3: in order to highlight additions and removals, update this to diff. other code blocks need this too
```suggestion
```diff
```

Author: Fixed now https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/635/commits/a0efa6047e843fd48aa3b656d2583afd0c9d15c2

  render() {
    return (
      <Spacer marginBottom="small">
-        <Form/>
+        <Form
+          render={this.renderForm}
+        />
      </Spacer>
    );
  }

+ renderForm() {
+   return (
+     <form>
+       <Field
+         name="example"
+       >
+         {({ input, meta }) => (
+           <InputField
+             inputId="example"
+             label="Example"
+             error={meta.error}
+             isInvalid={meta.error !== undefined}
+             inputAttrs={{
+               placeholder: 'Example',
+               ...input,
+             }}
+             onChange={(e) => { input.onChange(e.target.value); }}
+             value={input.value}
+             required
+           />
+         )}
+       </Field>
+       <Button text="Submit" type={Button.Opts.Types.SUBMIT} />
+     </form>
+   );
+ }
```

Let's attach functionality to the submit button. Create a `submitForm` function to save submittedValues into state.

```javascript
submitForm(values) {
  this.setState({
    submittedValues: values,
  });
}
```

> Bind `onSubmit`, pass `onSubmit` as a prop to `<Form>`, pass `handleSubmit` to our render prop function, and pass `handleSubmit` to the native form's `onSubmit` prop.

Reviewer 2: It feels like `handleSubmit` needs to be defined. I didn't see any code for it in the step-by-step guide.

```diff
render() {
  return (
    <Spacer marginBottom="small">
      <Form
        onSubmit={this.submitForm}
        render={this.renderForm}
        initialValues={{ example: '' }}
+       validate={(values) => {
+           const errors = {};
+           if (!values.example) {
+             errors.example = 'Required';
+           }
+           return errors;
+       }}
      />
      ...
    </Spacer>
  );
}
```

Our `validate` function returns an object that has properties, with the property being our ID, and its value being a string we want displayed for when it fails to validate.

The `<Field>` component's `validate` prop is similar to `<Form>`'s, with a main caveat; it only validate's it's value instead of all the values. Let's create a function that checks if the length is greater than 7. This function takes a single argument (value of our `<Field>`) and returns a string if this criteria is met.

```javascript
const validateLength = (name) => {
  if (name && name.length > 7) {
    return 'Name needs to be less than 8 characters long';
  }

  return undefined;
};
```

> Finally, let's add pass the function as the `validate` prop to `<Field>` within our `renderForm` function..

Reviewer 2: nit: Let's go with `Finally, let's add the function as the` and remove the double period at the end of the sentence.

Author: Fixed here https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/635/commits/415c46ab9a0b74893a686c38430b1d8decd708ad#diff-00d3067043a9948e4371f570ef81a357R201

import InputField from 'terra-form-input/lib/InputField';
import Button from 'terra-button';
import Spacer from 'terra-spacer';
```

Now we make the basis for our class by setting up its constructor and its render function.
```javascript
export default class Example extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);

    this.state = {};
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <Spacer marginBottom="small">
        <Form/>
      </Spacer>
    );
  }
}
```

As it currently stands this render would render nothing so we need to start filling out the `<Form>` component with some props to render what we need, what we want to happen on submit, initial values for our field(if we want), and our validate function.

We are going to add the `render` prop to `<Form>` first, but before we do that we need to define what we want the `<Form>` to render so we're going to define a `renderForm` function. All this function will do is return a `<form>` tag containing a `<Field>` component, terra's `<InputField>` component, and a `<Button>` to be used to submit the form.
```javascript
render() {
  return (
    <Spacer marginBottom="small">
      <Form

>         render={this.renderForm} // added line

Author: Fixed https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/635/commits/a0241f8008eacb2cb9bba04c762e6018716f0ff5

```javascript
constructor(props) {
  super(props);

  this.state = {};
  this.submitForm = this.submitForm.bind(this); // added line
}

render() {
  return (
    <Spacer marginBottom="small">
      <Form
        onSubmit={this.submitForm} // added line
        render={this.renderForm}
      />
    </Spacer>
  );
}

renderForm({ handleSubmit }) {
  return (
    <form
      onSubmit={handleSubmit} //added line
    >
      ...
    </form>
  );
}
```

Now our `Submit` button will actually submit things but it won't give us a visual confirmation of what has been submitted so lets modify our `render` function to show our `submittedValues`

```javascript
render() {
  return (
    <Spacer marginBottom="small">
      <Form
        onSubmit={this.submitForm}
        render={this.renderForm}
      />
      {this.state.submittedValues
        && (
        <div>
          <p>Form Submitted Successfully With</p>
          <pre>{JSON.stringify(this.state.submittedValues, 0, 2)}</pre>
        </div>
        )
      }
    </Spacer>
  );
}
```

Submit will now visually update with a JSON of our `submittedValues` state.

> Next is to set up an initial value for our field. This is fairly simple and just requires us to add a prop called `initialValues` to our `<Form>` component that has an object defining our values in properties with the property being the inputID of our `<InputField>`, which in this case is `example`, and the property's value being the value of the `<InputField>`.

Author: Attempted to fix https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/635/commits/a0241f8008eacb2cb9bba04c762e6018716f0ff5

        }}
      />
      ...
    </Spacer>
  );
}
```

Our `validate` function returns an object that has properties, with the property being our ID, and its value being a string we want displayed for when it fails to validate.

The `<Field>` component's `validate` prop works in a similar way to `<Form>`'s. The main difference being that it only validate's it's value instead of all the values, so we'll begin by defining a simple function that takes a single argument that is the value of our `<Field>` and will return a string if that value is longer than 7 characters long. We will return `undefined` otherwise.

```javascript
const validateLength = (name) => {
  if (name && name.length > 7) {
    return 'Name needs to be less than 8 characters long';
  }

  return undefined;
};
```

And now all we have to do is go into our renderForm function and add the `validate` prop to `<Field>`.

```javascript
renderForm({ handleSubmit }) {
  return (
    <form
      onSubmit={handleSubmit}
    >
    <Field
      name="example"
      validate={validateLength} //added line
    >
      ...
    </Field>
    <Button text="Submit" type={Button.Opts.Types.SUBMIT} />
    </form>
  );
}
```

> And with that we have created an input that is required and has max length of 7 characters. This showed how to make the validate function by yourself, but if we wanted to we could shorten the code a bit more under the validateLength function through the use of `terra-form-validation`'s FormValidationUtil class like so.

Reviewer 3: maybe something like
```suggestion
We have created an input that is required and has max length of 7 characters by creating our own validate function. For ease of use, Terra provides utils for common validation use cases. In this case, we can use the `validateLength` function.
```
